---
layout: page
title: Contact Us
permalink: /contact-us/
weight: "4"
---

in freeze. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. your entrance was good, his was better. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. are you feeling lucky punk what you have to ask yourself is, do i feel lucky. well do ya' punk? excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. look at that, it's exactly three seconds before i honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. man's gotta know his limitations. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter.

You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig. here she comes to wreck the day. this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. we're going for a ride on the information super highway. brain freeze. good morning, oh in case i don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. dyin' ain't much of a livin', boy. are you feeling lucky punk here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. don't p!ss down my back and tell me it's raining. kinda hot in these rhinos.

It's because i'm green isn't it! this is the ak-47 assault rifle, the preferred weapon of your enemy; and it makes a distinctive sound when fired at you, so remember it. we got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! haaaaaaarry. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? ever notice how sometimes you come across somebody you shouldn't have f**ked with? well, i'm that guy. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. hey, maybe i will give you a call sometime. your number still 911? kinda hot in these rhinos. excuse me, i'd like to ass you a few questions. alrighty then man's gotta know his limitations. well, do you have anything to say for yourself?

Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? i just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. here. put that in your report!" and "i may have found a way out of here. your entrance was good, his was better. you want a guarantee, buy a toaster. when a naked man's chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, i figure he's not out collecting for the red cross. look ma i'm road kill alrighty then we're going for a ride on the information super highway. this is my gun, clyde! look ma i'm road kill you see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: those with loaded guns and those who dig. you dig.